Kevin Deyne
Software Engineer (Java/J2EE, Web)
Ploegstraat 11 - 2440 Geel, Belgium
kevin.deyne@gmail.com

Highly qualified and certified Software Engineer with over 4 years of experience covering the entire application lifecycle, including design, development and maintenance. 
Various experience, including work for different government instances, a medical research company and a renewable energy group.
Languages: Java, Spring, Javascript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS, T-SQL, XML/JSON, JSP, Thymeleaf
Databases: MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Oracle 10g, Hibernate, JPA
Other: SOA, REST, SOAP, OOD, TDD, SCRUM, KANBAN, Eclipse, JUnit, Maven, Tomcat, Jboss


Professional Experience
---

Software Engineer - Central Civic Integration Database (Mar 2012 to Present)
Creating unified SOA system for different .gov groups. This included an array of web services (REST/SOAP), and several UIs to manage 42K client immigrant dossiers each year.
•	Helped overcome the challenges of RealDolmen’s biggest multi-million dollar project yet.
•	Provided significant dev work on key components processing about 97K+ enrollments/year and built a robust system for 400+ government employees every day.
•	The project also successfully provided civic integration during the Syrian refugee crisis, providing an extra strain and strong challenges for our systems.


Junior Software Engineer - 3E Renewable Energy Consulting (Nov 2011 to Jan 2012)
Prototype responsive HTML5 web application for tablets and desktop alike for energy plant management.
•	Created a highly extendable search engine for this specific usecase with Spring and jQuery


Internship - Janssen Pharmaceuticals (Feb 2011 to Jun 2011)
Development of KNIME nodes and workflows which were integrated into the PHEADRA system for routine blood research using Flow Cytometry (Cell Filtering and Spillover Compensation).
•	Learned and worked with an awesome niche framework and was able to hone my skills in a complicated but highly satisfying scientific context.


Certifications (Pearson Vue - Oracle)
---
Java EE 6 Enterprise JavaBeans Developer Certified Expert (Dec 2014)
Java EE 6 Java Persistence API Developer Certified Expert (Jul 2012)
Java Standard Edition 6 Programmer Certified Professional (Jan 2012)


Education
---
Katholieke Hogeschool Kempen (2008 - 2011)
Bachelor of Computer Science, Application Development, Cum Laude